add main README and download data (#2)
WayScience/nf1_cellpainting_data: README.md

# NF1 Cell Painting Data 

## Data

> The data used in this project is a modified Cell Painting assay on [Schwann cells](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK544316/) from patients with [Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1)](https://medlineplus.gov/genetics/condition/neurofibromatosis-type-1/). 

Reviewer: passive voice! 😠 😄 (please use active voice)

Author: Fixed!

In this modified Cell Painting, there are three channels for plates 1 and 2:

- `DAPI` (Nuclei)
- `GFP` (Endoplasmic Reticulum)
- `RFP` (Actin)

![Modified_Cell_Painting.png](example_figures/Modified_Cell_Painting.png)

> For plates 1 and 2, there are two genotypes of the NF1 gene in these cells:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plates 1 and 2 measure Cell Painting in isogenic Schwann cells with two different NF1 genotypes:
```

Author: This is more accurate, changed now

**Plate 1**
- Wild type (`WT +/+`): In column 6 from the plate (e.g C6, D6, etc.)
- Null (`Null -/-`): In column 7 from the plate (e.g C7, D7, etc.)
There are only rows C-F in this plate.

**Plate 2**
- Wild type (`WT +/+`): Columns 1 and 6
- Null (`Null -/-`): Columns 7 and 12
This plate uses all rows (e.g., A-H)

It is important to study Schwann cells from NF1 patients because NF1 causes patients to develop neurofibromas, which are red bumps on the skin (tumors) that appear due to the loss of Ras-GAP neurofibromin. 
This loss occurs when the NF1 gene is mutated (NF1 +/-).

## Goal

The goal of this project is to predict NF1 genotype from Schwann cell morphology. 

> We apply cell image analysis to Cell Painting images and use representation learning to extract morphology features.

Reviewer: Yay! Active voice! :)

Author: :smile:
